Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/job_with_multiple_wheels/README.md

# Job with multiple wheels

> This example demonstrates how to define and use a job with multiple wheel dependencies in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define and use a job with multiple wheel dependencies.
```
